<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA Files/Linux Mint & VirtualBox Setup Guide/temp/pdf-css-html5?><?workdir-uri file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/temp/pdf-css-html5/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="concept_wxh_qsz_rtb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept) (topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35" specializations="@props/deliveryTarget">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Overview: Linux Mint and Oracle VM VirtualBox v. 6.1.34</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;5:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:12">Linux Mint is a free of cost Ubuntu based operating system that comes fully equipped with
            out of the box capabilities for multimedia support, gaming, graphic design, web
            browsing, text editing, and more. It is a widely used alternative to Microsoft Windows
            and Mac OS X. Linux Mint provides a safe and reliable environment for all of your OS
            needs with minimal maintenance requirements.  </p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="p:2;11:12">A virtual machine is a platform that runs an emulated computer that utilizes the hardware
            and resources of your main computer in a virtual environment. One of the more popular
            virtualization platforms today is Oracle VM VirtualBox, a type-2 hypervisor developed by
            Oracle Corporation.  It allows users to run multiple operating systems like Microsoft
            Windows, Mac OS X, and various Linux distributions in a virtualized environment using a
            single physical machine. The benefits of virtualization are immense. Segmenting a
            physical device into multiple virtual machines can lead to the faster provisioning of
            resources, reduced IT costs, improved security, and greater resiliency in recovery
            situations. </p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="p:3;20:12">This guide will assist you with downloading and installing all of the necessary
            components to run Linux Mint in a virtualized environment using Oracle VM VirtualBox v.
            6.1.34 for Windows. It is meant to be a supplement or alternative for those who prefer
            text-based instructions to the many video guides available for this setup process on the
            wider web.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/home/stephen/repos/portfolio/DITA%20Files/Linux%20Mint%20&amp;%20VirtualBox%20Setup%20Guide/Overview.dita" xtrc="p:4;25:12">Please follow the steps in order and refer to the screenshots in each section as needed. </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>