<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="booting_your_virtual_machine_for_the_first_time">
    <title>Booting your Virtual Machine for the First Time (Or Booting Your Virtual Machine and
        Installing Linux Mint? Separate?)</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the main screen, click Linux Mint on the left-hand side to ensure you have
                    the correct operating system selected.  </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the Start button near the top of the screen. It is indicated by a green
                    arrow symbol.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A menu will appear prompting you to select a start-up disk. Using the dropdown
                    menu, choose the Linux Mint .ISO file and click start.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The automatic boot sequence will now begin. Leave everything at the default
                    settings and allow your virtual machine to finish booting. This may take a
                    minute depending on your system specifications. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the boot sequence has finished, you will be brought to the desktop
                    environment for Linux Mint. You will see an icon with a disc symbol entitled
                    "Install Linux Mint." Click it to begin the installation. MAYBE STOP AROUND HERE
                    AND MAKE THIS A WHOLE NOTHER SECTIOn</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the Welcome screen, select your language of choice and click Continue.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will be tasked to choose your keyboard layout depending on your language
                    preferences and region. Click Continue when you are finished.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the following screen, ensure that the checkbox for installing third-party
                    software for graphics and Wi-Fi hardware, Flash, MP3, and other media is
                    selected and click Continue.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the next WIndow, choose the installation type. Select "Erase disk and
                    install Linux Mint" and click Install Now. You will be asked if you want to
                    write the changes to the disks. Click Continue to proceed. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select your region by clicking on your location on the map.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The following screen contains fields to enter your name, your computer's name,
                    your username/login ID, and your password. Fill out these fields with your
                    preferred information and click Continue. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The installation will now begin. Wait for the process to complete.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the installation has finished, a message will appear indicating its
                    success. You will be prompted to choose between continuing to test your settings
                    ,or restarting your virtual machine. Press the Restart Now button to restart
                    your virtual machine and finish the rest of the process.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A message will appear on screen requesting thaty ou remove the installation
                    medium and press ENTER. Just press ENTER at this point to proceed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will be brought to the login screen and asked to enter your login
                    information.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A Welcome window will appear. Press the X button in the upper right-hand corner
                    of the window to close out of it.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_upz_1dx_ttb">You have now finished installing Linux Mint on your virtual
            machine. </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
