<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_linux_mint_on_your_virtual_machine">
    <title>Installing Linux Mint on your Virtual Machine</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will see an icon with a disc symbol entitled "Install Linux Mint." Click it
                    to begin the installation.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the Welcome screen, select your language of choice and click Continue.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will be tasked to choose your keyboard layout depending on your language
                    preferences and region. Click Continue when you are finished.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the following screen, ensure that the checkbox for installing third-party
                    software for graphics and Wi-Fi hardware, Flash, MP3, and other media is
                    selected and click Continue.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the next WIndow, choose the installation type. Select "Erase disk and
                    install Linux Mint" and click Install Now. You will be asked if you want to
                    write the changes to the disks. Click Continue to proceed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select your region by clicking on your location on the map or entering the name
                    of your city into text field.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The following screen contains fields to enter your name, your computer's name,
                    your username/login ID, and your password. Fill out these fields with your
                    preferred information and click Continue.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The installation will now begin. Wait for the process to complete.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the installation has finished, a message will appear indicating its
                    success. You will be prompted to choose between continuing to test your settings
                    ,or restarting your virtual machine. Press the Restart Now button to restart
                    your virtual machine and finish the rest of the process.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A message will appear on screen requesting thaty ou remove the installation
                    medium and press ENTER. Just press ENTER at this point to proceed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will be brought to the login screen and asked to enter your login
                    information. Enter your password to proceed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A Welcome window will appear. Press the X button in the upper right-hand corner
                    of the window to close out of it.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_umw_tjh_vtb">You have now finished installing Linux Mint on your virtual
            machine.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
