<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_virtualbox_guest_editions">
    <title>Installing VirtualBox Guest Editions</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>You may find that you are unable to get the virtual machine's display to take up
            the entirety of your host machine's screen as shown in the example below. To resolve
            this, we will need to install VirtualBox Guest Editions. This section will walk you
            through the process. HOW TO USE SHORT DESCRIPTION VS ABOUT THIS TASK<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the ORacle VM VirtualBox application.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on Devices at the top of the screen to bring up a dropdown menu.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click Insert Guest Editions CD Image.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the Run button on the popup window that appears.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You will then be prompted to enter login password that was setup in the
                    previous section. Enter it click and Authenticate.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The installation of the VirtualBox Guest Editions will now begin. A terminal
                    window will display the installation processes. Allow the installation to run
                    until it finishes. When the installation is done, you should receive the message
                    "Press Return to close this window." Press Enter/Return to close the terminal.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The virtual machine must now be shutdown and restarted.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the Menu button in the lower lefthand corner of your virtual
                            machine's desktop display.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the power button.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click shutdown to turn off your virtual machine.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>You should now be back at the Oracle VM VirtualBox Manager main menu.
                            Ensure that Linux Mint is selected from the list of virtual machines on
                            the left-hand side, and then the Start button at the top to restart your
                            machine.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_xd5_1sf_5tb">VirtualBox Guest Editions is now fully installed. Your
            virtual machine's display window should now be able to produce a proper full screen
            display to match your host machine's display.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
